you're watching without the snow dogs
make sure to comment rate and subscribe
there's like a jeep party going on at
our house there's Mike steep and John's
deepen our deep and the red jeeps in the
garage
see you guys guess what we're doin look
transmission what's that
what is that John pork and burger and
that what it is that that thing you
already bought for your other ones yeah
there it is oh you got heat out here to
see heat
since it's cold John did you say it was
snowing yes
okay empty box I'm going back in to
check on the dogs supposedly we're
supposed to get five to eight inches of
snow tonight and it was raining and now
it's turning into that wintry mix of
snow and rain it said by afternoon it
was going to turn into snow and then we
have a winter weather advisory and
advisement until tomorrow night at seven
o'clock so here's to hoping we get some
snow Hey John's under the tea again what
are you working on I mean under here
it's warm in here your hands are dirty
dammit making you do all the work that's
how it should be
it's your transmission we're just
applying the garage oh yeah that's true
yeah technically I still own that
there's still first John and Jeannie
under the news
shawne's over there on that side and the
new transmission is still sitting here
the Boomers they're trying to figure out
you're working on drop another one right
now you're working on it that is all for
my mother all right they're getting
ready to drop it down like our Kabul job
boards and jacks
see that comes down that years kind of
loud
okay
Mike's trying to figure out what we're
hung up on so I'm better I got the one
up here
out the whole thing's gonna have to come
at evening as it is it's twisting arms
and exhaust there see right there it's
something on the exhaust asked twist and
we're
yeah
you know I just wanted to banish like
it's positive
I ain't coming off
going down the ground
followed out of life
put it jacked up in the back now where's
the part that's broken
I can't right here we're office JB will
so that's all the reason we're taking in
parts because there's a crack right
there
that's a new one go in
bring it
in our
I need seconds where you'll stay down
here to get Anthony hold on don't go up
turn it into Robert I think my tags done
out of height that's okay sorry come
here turn
heylook gets off the ground that's where
it's supposed to eat
hopefully where it'll say hopefully
right
pretty cool
I think I might have pushed it down
fill her up that's a good thing
is there
it's dripping out all right right there
I think it might be the rear seal on the
transmission Homer
we can force a job this is the old
transmission that the seal they think
might be bad on the new one because the
transmission set so long no see
so apparently there's a sensor that's
supposed to go through here which
connects down in there or something and
they forgot to hook that up this is the
old transmission that's why we're
thinking why it won't start so they got
to take it down again so they put that
in one smile they're quitting for the
night they're tired it's leaking when I
said tomorrow right yeah the automotive
stores closed we can't do anything else
tonight
finish it up tomorrow
smile gun
we'll fix it eventually a partially
frozen waterfall I like this so part
right here
the rivers only a few feet